Marcus Ma: I guess.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
How long you been in the program.
Marcus Ma: Um,
Marcus Ma: I think like a month.
John Reinhart: All right. How's it going so far with Suboxone and all that.
Marcus Ma: I'm actually on Naltrexone
John Reinhart: Oh, alright.
John Reinhart: Well, I might as well, introduce myself. You know, I know. You don't know who I am.
John Reinhart: Anyhow, my name is john Reinhardt i'm i'm a therapist, and I work specifically with groups. So not so much one on ones, and I don't, I'm not a
John Reinhart: Specialist and what I heard what you know the things that we want to talk about here, but we'll just just I have some suggestions and just kind of hear you out and see what you know, things that you're struggling with
John Reinhart: Just to let you know that we are mandated reporters so if anything comes up about child abuse disabled person to be is or elder abuse we we report that. And then we also this is transcribed so supervision can help you out with your treatment plan and things like that, but
John Reinhart: But anyhow, it's good to see that you're here and everything and and feel relaxed, man.
John Reinhart: Just kind of know that from what I heard is
John Reinhart: You want you know some sex addiction issues and bro. That is a lot of lot of us experience that man. A lot of us go through it. So you're not alone. And you know that. But anyhow, what kind of brings you here. Have you had a bio psychosocial yet because it puts you down for bio psychosocial
Marcus Ma: Um,
Marcus Ma: No, I mean, I guess that's I guess that's what this is. They said that I need to have that within my first 30 days so that's that's very kisses.
John Reinhart: Well, why don't we do that, we'll talk about that. And we could talk about that other stuff at another time. Alright, so this or we could talk about it, you know, let me just go ahead and I'll run these questions by. All right.
John Reinhart: It's pretty simple mouth no muss, no fuss.
John Reinhart: Are you, where do you live at
Marcus Ma: Olin Pleasanton
John Reinhart: Or
Yeah.
John Reinhart: I'm good looks like from your car there you got nice sunshine sunshiny day. Yeah.
Marcus Ma: I mean it's it's a little cloudy, but it's a nice day.
John Reinhart: Yeah. How are you, how are you handling the shelter in place thing.
Marcus Ma: I'm doing okay.
Marcus Ma: My daughter's my daughter's home from school. She's a senior in high school and she's doing online school right now trying to graduate and
Marcus Ma: I'm still I'm still going to work. So I am I work on swimming pools. So we're considered an essential service by the county, because we do water, sanitation, so
John Reinhart: Nice. Yeah. When one client yesterday. He does like air quality, you know, driving around the Bay Area check in the air out and stuff and I
John Reinhart: And he says, Just, just since they had a shelter in place, you know, the their qualities improved almost 50% I've seen pictures over in China, where it's like, you know, was always great and it's now nice blue skies over there, but
John Reinhart: Anyhow, let me run the questions by you and this is a bio psychosocial that I'm doing with
John Reinhart: With Marcus.
John Reinhart: Let me pronounce your last name Marlena. This is that the proper Marcus and
Marcus Ma: That's good.
John Reinhart: Okay, great.
John Reinhart: And Marcus. First of all, what brings you into treatment and why now.
Marcus Ma: Um, well, I
Marcus Ma: I got involved with bright heart about a month ago.
Marcus Ma: Because I've been struggling with addiction to methamphetamine, and also sex sexually compulsive behaviors.
Marcus Ma: attached with the methamphetamine use
Marcus Ma: Those are, those are my main things I was I was dealing with
Marcus Ma: Some depression, but I haven't, haven't really been suffering with depression lately so
John Reinhart: How's it going, your first 30 days with the locks and thinking, clear and some of the cravings and triggers are subsiding hopefully a little bit
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I mean I, my first, my first couple of weeks on the Naltrexone I it was pretty phenomenal.
Marcus Ma: As far as like my cravings diminished significantly and I had a lot of clarity and a lot more motivation to
Marcus Ma: Get involved. I've been getting involved with some some groups 12 step groups and
Marcus Ma: finding people to talk to. I've been trying to find a sponsor.
Marcus Ma: And the last, the last couple weeks I switched I switched to 50 milligram dose, I'd started out at 25 I switched a 50 million milligram dose and for some reason.
Marcus Ma: It seemed like my cravings increased when I increased the dosage and so
Marcus Ma: Been struggling last couple weeks and then also it's been hard. I haven't been able to go to my meetings so
Marcus Ma: I haven't been able to go to my meetings. So I've been trying to find phone meetings I did an online meeting last night and
Marcus Ma: And so, I mean, for the most part, the last month has been really good for me. It's been really productive. I'VE BEEN SOBER completely sober from
Marcus Ma: The math and
Marcus Ma: That's been over 30 days and. And also, I've been completely solid bit
Marcus Ma: As far as like sex, sexual acting out and but still I've still been struggling with with like online, you know, pornography and
Marcus Ma: chat rooms and that kind of stuff, which I'm I've been addressing
Marcus Ma: In my groups and trying to find a sponsor to work, work through the steps.
Marcus Ma: My goal is tab, complete, complete sexual sobriety.
Marcus Ma: And so that's that's what I'm working on, but the the last three days had been really good otherwise.
John Reinhart: Man, that is huge major props to you, you're, you're on a good road right now and it's a day to time. So thanks for that. Let me go to tell me your story with substances.
John Reinhart: Substance abuse.
Marcus Ma: Well i mean i i started drinking when I was like 15 and
Marcus Ma: Then I
Marcus Ma: Didn't really have too many problems with the drinking
Marcus Ma: And then my early adult life. When I was about 20 I was introduced to Crystal Meth by a friend and then that that completely changed the landscape for me I as soon as I I was never I had tried marijuana before and I never really liked it and then
Marcus Ma: When I first time I tried crystal meth, I was in love and
Marcus Ma: It made me feel the way that I always wanted to feel and
Marcus Ma: I just always felt very, very comfortable in my own skin.
Marcus Ma: When I was high and so for the last since then. So the last 25 years or so I've been kind of struggling off and on. I go through phases where I've never been, I've never been a daily user
Marcus Ma: But I go through phases where all us for a while and then it just, it gets to the point where it's unbearable. And then I stopped.
Marcus Ma: And I would say the last 10 years
Marcus Ma: And it's been a struggle for me.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: You know, I, I've been raising raising my daughter as a single parent pretty much her whole life. Her mom is also an active addict and
Marcus Ma: It's got to the point where she's, she's no longer in my daughter's life. So for the most part. And so I've been raising her pretty much my whole life. And so that's kind of kept me
Marcus Ma: Sober. A lot of the time but but there are times when I've kind of checked out for a while for the weekend or something like that and
Marcus Ma: And so just it got to the point where
Marcus Ma: A few years ago I I finally took the recommendation of friends and a sponsor and I checked into inpatient rehab. I did a year, a year at the Salvation Army and Oakland. And after that I was I was sober for over two years, but still struggling with the sexual behaviors which
Marcus Ma: have progressed into
Marcus Ma: Prostitution
Marcus Ma: You know trolling for
Marcus Ma: For an awesome. You know, like just anonymous sex hookups and that bars chat rooms.
Marcus Ma: Date, you know, dating sites that kind of thing.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: And it's kind of the myth, the Matthews and and the sexual behaviors have kind of become coupled to where you know I was sober for a couple years on the math, but I was I was still acting out sexually there regularly.
Marcus Ma: And then eventually it just, you know, a got to the point where it's just not, it's not as
Marcus Ma: It's not as enjoyable without the math. So
Marcus Ma: Last year, November I finally finally relapsed with the math.
Marcus Ma: And then
Marcus Ma: I kept trying to get get back on track. Working with working with a sponsor.
Marcus Ma: And I ended up from November to February I had three relapses which were all pretty bad. And the last one lasted about a week and
Marcus Ma: And I had
Marcus Ma: family members and friends from church ended up inner intervening and were able to kind of help me to
Marcus Ma: To kind of break out of the cycle and and to follow through with getting some getting some some new help. And that's why I was able to find the bright heart and I started on the medications. First time I've taken medication.
Marcus Ma: And so the the progress for me has been good. The last month and I know there's still a lot for me to do.
John Reinhart: Yeah, if I could just kind of rephrase what you're saying is that this has been ongoing for quite some time and
John Reinhart: And it's been a pure battle for over 20 years and and and really got intensified the past six months or so then you had a personal intervention and
John Reinhart: You've gone through programs. So the one in Oakland and everything like that for the substance abuse and that was okay but it's kind of a correlation with the the the crystal meth and the sex addiction and it just kind of multiplies on top of one another. And may it makes it really
John Reinhart: To where it's all encompassing and and it's it's it's obsessive
John Reinhart: It's on your mind all the time or whatever are fixated and you're chasing just like chasing the drug chasing the sex and everything.
John Reinhart: So you know what the church. It sounds to me like with the church, you're, you're familiar with the Christian base.
John Reinhart: There's a conquer series by pure desire ministry. I don't know if you're familiar with them. But that's one that people that the church that I go to have had real good success with guys that have been battling pornography for a long time. I've been
John Reinhart: You know, accountability and all that type of stuff. It's, it's really, it's, it's been really fruitful forum talked to a buddy about that last night, I said the DVD series is me, like, it was like 300 bucks. It's a little spending, but he says it was worth it.
John Reinhart: And then also, I was thinking of
John Reinhart: The in the rooms. Now that you don't you know the can't go out, you know, the social isolating and everything, which probably is pretty good thing for
John Reinhart: For you and and and and and for a lot of people I don't mind it man. I'm good. When you get older, sometimes you don't mind isolated, you know it's it's perfectly okay but but the in the rooms app. Are you familiar with that.
John Reinhart: Marcus.
Marcus Ma: I'm not know
John Reinhart: Okay, what that what that app is all about. It's, it's
John Reinhart: It has
John Reinhart: Just like what we're doing here. It's
John Reinhart: Tella conferencing for a in a depression, bipolar Gamblers Anonymous sex addict addiction. It has all those type of things there. So,
John Reinhart: That might be a resource you want to check out and then maybe find yourself a sponsor there somebody that you know that you, you know, can really relate to and free up
John Reinhart: With and and have somebody that can hold you accountable and you, you know, and, you know, the whole thing about 12 steps. It's all about accountability and one day at a time and and all that.
John Reinhart: So just some suggestions right there. So check out that in the rooms and
John Reinhart: I know na has you can go to the NAIA national hotline number two, and they have they'll they can they can help you find a sponsor. If you're having trouble doing that.
John Reinhart: So that might be something you want to look into.
John Reinhart: All right, let me ask you some more questions.
John Reinhart: You kind of covered some is where you're kind of going along their markets, but when were you first exposed. I guess when you said your start drinking around 15 years old are
Marcus Ma: You. I started drinking. I was, I was like 15
Marcus Ma: Okay.
All right.
John Reinhart: How did you kind of mentioned how progressed and everything. How went from the drinking to when you got
John Reinhart: Smoking pot. I'm with you on that one. I've never been a big, you know, for the pot thing but but
John Reinhart: From what I understand the math is
John Reinhart: Is really the most hideous of all because it just, it just takes takes over, you know, and I'm so glad to hear that this medication you're taking helping you out.
John Reinhart: When was that the worst for you.
John Reinhart: Do you have any specific time, you could think what it was really the worst.
Marcus Ma: Um, well, I mean,
Marcus Ma: I would say the two times the two times that I can think of.
Marcus Ma: A month ago that last week.
Marcus Ma: I really, I really felt I I I recognized how enthralled I was to to the drugs and and the compulsion.
Marcus Ma: It was it was scary because I could see that I was out of control and each day.
Marcus Ma: I kept trying to like break free and it was like I was. It was like being in quicksand. It was like the harder I tried to break free. I think the deeper right sank.
Marcus Ma: Into it and I was afraid that I was going to wake up one day and I just wasn't going to care anymore and I wasn't even going to try
Marcus Ma: I think you know through this through these decades of struggles that I've had, I've, I've always tried to overcome. And I think that last week there. I could really see myself kind of slipping away my sanity and my desire to to fulfill my you know my responsibilities as a parent and
Marcus Ma: You know, to my employer and and to myself and just, you know, the people that they care about me that I have relationships with I was really, I was really check it out and
Marcus Ma: I would say that that was probably one of the worst times and and
Marcus Ma: And it was different. It was different than the other worst time that I can think of really bad time. I can think of was right before I got into rehab.
Marcus Ma: Because I was I was suffering a lot from like paranoid paranoid schizophrenia delusions, I would have a lot of times for many years from the drug use. And when I would be coming down and trying to detox.
Marcus Ma: You know, my, my sanity would really, really crack and and i was scary to continue to go through that.
Marcus Ma: scenario of paranoia.
Marcus Ma: For some reason this last after being sober for a couple years. And then when I relapsed I didn't have that same experience anymore.
Marcus Ma: And that, that in and of itself was scary because it almost made it easier to the following relapses that I had after that first one they. It was almost like they came easier because I wasn't afraid of the consequences so much and and I think that's why this last time.
Marcus Ma: That I relapse. It was really scary because I can really feel my
Marcus Ma: Sense of like self control just totally just totally disintegrating.
John Reinhart: Well, yeah, it's, it's, but, you know, just to have that awareness of it and not just be totally lost like a lot of people we see out there. You know, I've had one client in my last group that she's in a tent.
John Reinhart: And we were doing a gratitude. At the end of the group. And she said she lost nine people this past week, friends of hers on the street.
John Reinhart: That have passed away that totally given up hope. And just, you know, or and she's. Fortunately, she's just gotten into the program but or circumstances is where she is right now.
John Reinhart: She just keeps you know trying to keep yourself protected, but thank goodness you you have a job you've been able to to be able to cope and manage and work.
John Reinhart: You know what I mean. Through through the addictions and everything that you've dealt with so so that's huge, but
John Reinhart: Just to be aware of that to have that self conscious to know where you were and where you're at right now and where you want to go.
John Reinhart: And and that's where I think a really good therapist is going to be super helpful for you once you know get that all figured out. And what's going to be just right for you. You know, Marcus.
John Reinhart: Let's see. Let me ask you a few more questions here.
John Reinhart: You don't suffer from any chronic pain right. Do you have any issues with chronic pain. Okay, now growing up. What was your family life like
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean there was there was a lot of tension. I can, I can see now after you know working through
Marcus Ma: The recovery process for so many years and doing a lot of inventories and, you know, I've worked with therapist before and
Marcus Ma: So my my conclusion of my family life. I think my, my mother, I think, was was very depressed, all the time. I had a father that that definitely had an anger management issue.
Marcus Ma: There was a lot of toxic toxic rage.
Marcus Ma: From him on a regular basis.
Marcus Ma: And you know I had very high expectations were put on me and I never felt like I could I could live up to those so I
Marcus Ma: I suffered from a lot of insecurity and
Marcus Ma: Lack of self, self worth. And, you know, and all that. All that also was and it was kind of counterbalanced
Marcus Ma: With with moments of
Marcus Ma: Of love. I guess my mom, although
Marcus Ma: You know she was suffering from a lot of things I don't even think she was aware of she she expressed a lot of love to me.
Marcus Ma: And so, yeah, it's, it's kind of a mixed bag for me. I was, I was pretty miserable. Most of the time.
Marcus Ma: Mm hmm. But there are there are some aspects of of my family life growing up that that I do cherish you know my mom. My mom passed away several years ago unexpectedly and
Marcus Ma: Her and I didn't have the greatest relationship, the last few years of her life. And she had a hard time dealing with dealing with my challenges and never really quite knew how how to help me.
Marcus Ma: But, you know, I've kind of
Marcus Ma: I've come to grips with with all that stuff. And I've experienced a lot of, you know, forgiveness.
Marcus Ma: Imperfections and others and
Marcus Ma: forgiveness for myself to for just, you know, making my way as best I can, through life and trying to figure things out and doing it in perfectly
Marcus Ma: You know,
John Reinhart: That's a huge step Marcus i i think forgiveness is the key to kind of move on in life and stuff people, you know, they'll take that ownership of failure and and screwing up and everything and
John Reinhart: And just to realize that you're forgiven you know that you can forgive other people that have hurt you and and vice versa. And you know that close your work in the steps and stuff but
John Reinhart: Thank you. It sounds like your folks were together though, you're like in the house. Do you have any siblings.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I have. I have an older brother and a younger brother and a younger sister. Okay.
All right.
John Reinhart: Did any anyone in your home life struggle with mental health, substance abuse or food issues.
John Reinhart: Thank you.
John Reinhart: Another with depression.
Marcus Ma: Yeah i i think i think my mother was definitely suffering from depression, she was. She struggled with with her weight and eating issues her whole life health issues, diabetes, she struggled with.
Marcus Ma: Being like a compulsive shopper overspending and you know a great deal of debt monetary debt.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: Yeah, like I said, you know, my dad, he, he definitely had an anger. Anger management issue.
Marcus Ma: He has he has epilepsy and he's on a medication that I know kind of affects
Marcus Ma: Just affects the way he thinks. And
Marcus Ma: His, His ability to problem solve and conflict resolution skills, all that stuff. So
John Reinhart: So you guys do you have
John Reinhart: Do you get along with your dad. Are you talking with them still or a
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I do. I, yeah, I do. Now, my, my daughter and I
Marcus Ma: Actually live with him right
Marcus Ma: And he's he's been helping me for many years, kind of get on my feet.
Awesome.
Marcus Ma: And yeah, I mean we we still have conflicts but over we're
Marcus Ma: All ears up. We all got our issues, man. You know what I mean.
Marcus Ma: Yeah.
John Reinhart: You guys are working through it, you know.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, we, we, you know, over the last few years, I've just kind of learned to let stuff go, I've learned it to let him be be who he is and I don't
Marcus Ma: I don't, I don't get into it with him. Like, I can see the conflict starting to kind of
Marcus Ma: Kind of rear rear its ugly head I
Marcus Ma: Kind of take a step back, usually sometimes all sometimes I'll get into it with him, but
Marcus Ma: You know and i think i think he's he's progressed a great deal over the last many years to so
John Reinhart: Awesome. Well, that's that's key. I mean, a lot of people. His in my age, are you know if they're using they've heard that thing where the
John Reinhart: The, you know, your brain never really matures is trying to get stunted, like you say you start drinking at 15 and you keep drinking and that's been your whole life.
John Reinhart: Well, your, your cognitive thinking is kind of stuck as a 15 year old, no matter if you're 45 or 85, you know, and I mean it's just like you have your routines. You have your things and
John Reinhart: And it's not for me to say who's right or wrong. I mean, if the works if people are functional and stuff. And that's the way they want to live. It's not for me but
John Reinhart: To say that that's wrong, but at the same time I'm say life can be a lot better man when you know you you get the help that you need and you could grow and mature and stuff like that at some of that brain science that I learned, going back to school.
John Reinhart: Let's see.
John Reinhart: Was. Did you notice any other addictive type of behaviors such as gambling working a lot awareness of sexual material.
John Reinhart: Growing up
Marcus Ma: Um,
Marcus Ma: I mean, I know you know my brother, my brother and I kind of got kind of got involved in the via the PORNOGRAPHY THING.
Marcus Ma: Together, we used to
Marcus Ma: We used to shop list magazines. When we were teenagers.
What the magazine.
Marcus Ma: What's
Marcus Ma: The back for them.
Yeah.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, back before the for Internet. Internet made it all too convenient.
Marcus Ma: You know, but yeah, he and I, I know he was I know he was addicted to pornography, like I was we didn't, we didn't act out together but but
Marcus Ma: We got into it. Around the same time, I was about 12 and
John Reinhart: Powerful
John Reinhart: Process. It's a process addiction, you know, I mean, and I think just the substance abuse just
John Reinhart: Just compounds, it
Marcus Ma: Yeah, my two cents worth
John Reinhart: Let's see, this is a what was school like for you.
Marcus Ma: I'm pretty miserable. In general, I always felt
Marcus Ma: I was felt very uncomfortable. I was I was
Marcus Ma: I was I was set apart is peanut gifted gifted students from really early on, probably like first grade or something like that. So I was in, I was an honors classes.
Marcus Ma: I did well in school, up until about high school and then I
Marcus Ma: I was, I was a stellar underachiever.
Marcus Ma: In high school, and even though I was in, I was putting honors classes and AP classes and stuff like that. I just did the bare minimum to get by. I could have. I could have been really, really successful but i i didn't tap into it. And yeah, I was just, I was I was
Marcus Ma: cripplingly
Marcus Ma: shy and
Marcus Ma: But I had friends.
Marcus Ma: And now my first girlfriend. So I was a senior in high school. And that's because she she pursued me and
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I was. I was generally just just pretty miserable and never felt
Marcus Ma: Never felt satisfied with my performance on any level.
Well,
John Reinhart: That's
John Reinhart: Just to have that awareness and everything is is something else. How
John Reinhart: How far did you complete in your education. How many what grade. Where did you complete
Marcus Ma: I got, I went back to school. A few years ago, and I got my i got i finished credits for my a degree. And I was, I was going to go on to
Marcus Ma: Get my bachelor's master masters and i i just said never gone back and never transferred outside of the
Marcus Ma: That the junior college level.
John Reinhart: Yeah. You know, I think once you find what your passion. I was an agribusiness for over 30 years after I got out of the military.
John Reinhart: Use my GI bill and went to San Diego State myself and partied pretty much the whole time, you know, for business degree but I went back to school after I retired from the flower business. I know this is about you, but I got to share a little bit about nice
John Reinhart: Yeah I you know I had a passion to help people out that because I had a lot of buddies.
John Reinhart: You know, big time with addiction problems and and you know I back in the day. I love to drink you know i i had my issues with drinking alcohol and stuff so I pursued and got a
John Reinhart: California certificate to be a counselor. So, you know, it's never too late to go back to school, as you know, you know, and it's once you find
John Reinhart: Your passion Marcus. If that's your desire to do that or if it's to clean pools or work on poles or whatever. That's cool. But yeah i mean it's it's cool that I'm able to do this, you know,
Marcus Ma: Absolutely yeah pools pools are definitely not my passion.
Marcus Ma: No, I, I've actually I've actually been wanting to go back to school and and get a degree in counseling. I'd like to, I'd like to become an addiction counselor, but it'd
Marcus Ma: Be fantastic
Marcus Ma: I have to, I have to, I have to take care of myself first though.
Marcus Ma: Is one of my professors to help anybody else.
John Reinhart: side of the street, clean, you know. Yeah. To clean yourself up first before you know take your own self care and help
John Reinhart: That I know that I know that you'll be a great counselor, I would suggest the addictive disorder studies courses at your junior college
John Reinhart: Get your fast. I'm sure you're familiar with that federal aid package you take like 12 units you get around five when I took it. I got I think 50 $200 a semester and
John Reinhart: And that would get kind of get you into step in the you know the right direction and everything. And there's a high demand for counselors with people with issues like you know a lot of people are struggling out there so
John Reinhart: Okay, just a couple of questions left here.
John Reinhart: Do you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Marcus Ma: Now, well, I mean,
Marcus Ma: I don't, I
Marcus Ma: I think, I think I have a thick, thick skull. I don't know if that's an official learning disability but
Marcus Ma: That's, I have to, I have to do something the wrong way 1000 times before I before I learned better
John Reinhart: Yeah, I hear you on that. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends.
John Reinhart: I think that question right right there is more of like a trauma type of thing, you know, PTSD. Was there something that really kind of shook us a youngster that you can think of right now, kind of going way back
Marcus Ma: Um, nothing, nothing specific that I can think of. I mean, I can definitely think of things traumatic, but I don't think anything really.
Marcus Ma: really affected me in a profound way.
John Reinhart: Right. Okay, let's see a couple more left here, did you serve in the military.
Marcus Ma: No, I did. Okay.
John Reinhart: Did You Do you have any financial or legal issues you're concerned about
Marcus Ma: Well, who does not
Marcus Ma: not not not not specifically. I mean, I
Marcus Ma: I've been doing pretty good. The last month before that I was I was blowing all my all my money.
Marcus Ma: But, uh, I've kind of got that all under control now.
John Reinhart: Excellent, excellent. Are you in a relationship right now.
Marcus Ma: Um, I, I think I'm trying to be
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I have.
John Reinhart: A you're on a good wavelength with them.
Marcus Ma: Well, I, yeah, I mean, I don't know. Sometimes. Sometimes we are, and sometimes we really aren't so I she's, she's stuck with me the last couple years.
John Reinhart: Wow.
Marcus Ma: Even through my struggles and we were we were just trying to be friends for a while, and she was one of the main people that showed up for me, a month ago.
Marcus Ma: And she knew that I really needed help. And she kind of she kind of Marshall, the troops and got people involved. And so last month. We've been we've been trying to work out.
Marcus Ma: The relationship, but she's, she's
Marcus Ma: As I've as I've kind of learned recently in some of my studies.
Marcus Ma: She's, she's definitely a co addict and
Marcus Ma: Dealing with codependency and she has her own trauma issues from her childhood and so they tend, we tend to kind of be like the perfect storm when things aren't
Marcus Ma: When things aren't working. She can kind of push me off push me off the edge. And if I let her and
Marcus Ma: And and then sometimes I feel like
Marcus Ma: She's kind of like a stabilizing factor in my life. But I don't know.
Marcus Ma: I don't know if
John Reinhart: I think the reality of just being able to understand those those tendencies that we all have in everything. And that we're all as
John Reinhart: Professor said that we all are idiosyncratic, you know, we all have our quirks and things about us that can rub people raw or or whatever and but but just to learn
John Reinhart: Learn those type of things in and I tell you what it sounds to me, even though you know she has her things are sticking with us, is she, she says.
John Reinhart: Sounds like a pretty awesome woman, you know, to me, even with all those, but we're all got flawed character flaws. We've got to work on or, you know,
John Reinhart: That's just my two cents worth
There.
John Reinhart: Alright, let's see, to do
John Reinhart: Do you have any children, you have a daughter.
John Reinhart: Who do you live with.
Marcus Ma: Family, my father and my brother and his family live there too.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool, cool.
Marcus Ma: And house.
John Reinhart: Awesome. Did I miss anything, do you think, can you think of anything else you might want to
John Reinhart: Share right now that you
Marcus Ma: Think
Marcus Ma: About that I can think of.
John Reinhart: You know, I've got one last thing here.
John Reinhart: And this again is this is a Christian based thing but it's you might have heard it. It's called
John Reinhart: Every man's battle.
John Reinhart: With family life today.
John Reinhart: And
John Reinhart: It's one of those things where it's, it's, there's a book called that.
John Reinhart: Oh gosh, what's his name.
John Reinhart: Anyhow, he's they have a show. It's called family life today and it's Christian counseling show
John Reinhart: And it's a book and they always have events going on and it's every man battle events. I know. If you go to family life today, you'll be able to check that out. Marcus. So those are just a couple of resources. I think that might be able to might want to look into that might be helpful.
Marcus Ma: Sounds good. Yeah, I've, I've, I've written all your suggestions down so
John Reinhart: Great.
Marcus Ma: Check those out. Yeah.
John Reinhart: And I think we're good for right now.
John Reinhart: So I really appreciate you opening up with me and kind of let me know what what you're going through. And I like the path that you're on man and transparency and, you know, not in denial, like a lot of folks, you know, they just want to deny but you confronting so that's huge.
Marcus Ma: Trying
John Reinhart: To get on, man. Hey, well, nice video let you go and
John Reinhart: prophesied to see down the road. Okay.
Marcus Ma: All right. Hey. Take it, take
John Reinhart: It back
John Reinhart: Okay that instant meeting with
John Reinhart: Marcus right now bio psychosocial